Endeavors Technology, Inc.
Terms and Conditions for Pippy (Python in Palm OS) version 0.6beta

Endeavors Technology, Inc.
Pippy Open Source License Agreement Version 1
-----------------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between Endeavors Technology, Inc
("ETI"), having an office at 19700 Fairchild Road, Irvine, California,
USA 92612 and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing
and otherwise using this software in source or binary form and its
associated documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this ETI Pippy License
Agreement, ETI hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free,
world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display
publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use the
Software alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that
the ETI Pippy License is retained in the Software, alone or in any
derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. ETI is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  ETI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, ETI MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. ETI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of
law provisions.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between ETI and Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use ETI trademarks or trade names in a trademark sense
to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any third
party.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Copyright notice
========================

Copyright (c) 1995-2000 Corporation for National Research Initiatives.
All rights reserved.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright 1991-1995 by Stichting Mathematisch Centrum, Amsterdam,
The Netherlands.

                        All Rights Reserved

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the names of Stichting Mathematisch
Centrum or CWI or Corporation for National Research Initiatives or
CNRI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

While CWI is the initial source for this software, a modified version
is made available by the Corporation for National Research Initiatives
(CNRI) at the Internet address ftp://ftp.python.org.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM AND CNRI DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH
CENTRUM OR CNRI BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
